---
keywords: fastai
title: 5.5 Legal and Ethical Concerns Hacks
categories: [eTracker, CB]
description: "LEgal and Ethical Concerns of Computer Science (Principles)"
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-02-08-Legal-and-Ethical-Concerns.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023-02-08-Legal-and-Ethical-Concerns.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Part-1">Part 1<a class="anchor-link" href="#Part-1"> </a></h2><h3 id="GPL-General-Public-Licensing">GPL General Public Licensing<a class="anchor-link" href="#GPL-General-Public-Licensing"> </a></h3><ul>
<li>Companies like Qualcomm makes its money on patents. If you use GPL software you could be voiding your rights to charge for software and patents.</li>
<li>Open  source means it is meant to be shared</li>
<li>Qualcomm wants all derivative work to require a royalty payment payment, also anyone who uses the idea/patent pays royalty.</li>
<li>Examples: Blackduck manages security, quality, etc.</li>
<li>analyzing impact of such licenses to its ability to charge royalties for the use of their Patents.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="What's-the-Problem-with-Open-Source?">What's the Problem with Open Source?<a class="anchor-link" href="#What's-the-Problem-with-Open-Source?"> </a></h3><ul>
<li>often they are given an assignment and instead of developing their own algorithm they opt to copy something off the internet. </li>
<li>In summary, it is important to know the type of software license you are copying, it could impact billions of dollars in business.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="License-Types">License Types<a class="anchor-link" href="#License-Types"> </a></h3><p>Generally, there are three things that people need to follow if they want a license or patent on github or anywhere else</p>
<ul>
<li>Do I want to waive default copyright in reuse?</li>
<li>Do I want to allow derivative works or not?</li>
<li>Do I want to require all derivative code to be shared?</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Open source MIT License: This license in friendly to someone like Qualcomm! This allows using code freely and making and distributing closed source versions.</li>
<li>Open Source GPL: The GNU GPLv3 also lets people do almost anything they want with your project, except distributing closed source versions. Open source means the GitHub project must be public.</li>
<li></li>
</ul>
<h3 id="Legality-and-Ethics">Legality and Ethics<a class="anchor-link" href="#Legality-and-Ethics"> </a></h3><ul>
<li>Must comply with terms and services of each individual license that is distributed to the individual or company.</li>
<li>As consumers, we have become aware that Music and Movie companies own content. These companies build DRM (Digital Rights Management) software to protect, play, and/or distribute content.</li>
<li>Mostly, if we use things in class, there is “no problem” with Open Source as our usage is considered educational use. Creative Commons software has enabled innovation because it's free!</li>
<li>Examples of GPL: A very premium (or version)  of Linux called Red Hat was required by GPL's licensing that they were distributing the</li>
<li><strong>However, businesses will not last without income. And today, businesses won’t last without engineers pulling Open Source software.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="Part-2">Part 2<a class="anchor-link" href="#Part-2"> </a></h2><p>In your blog, summarize the discussions and personal analysis on Software Licenses/Options, Digital Rights, and other Legal and Ethical thoughts from this College Board topic.</p>
<p>There are many different Software Licenses that anyone can use depending on what they want to do, some of which include the following:</p>
<ul>
<li>The Creative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication (waives copyright interest in a work you’ve created and dedicates it to the world-wide public domain.)</li>
<li>MIT License (allows using code freely and making and distributing closed source versions.)</li>
<li>GNU GGLv3 License (lets people do almost anything they want with your project, except distributing closed source versions.)
Now, obviously, many licenses means that there is a lot of specificallity and diversity for each project, so the question is: Does one license truly benefit over another? As in, If you were to creative a particular project, how important will these licenses be said project is not mainstream (popular)?</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

