---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: MCQ5 Corrections
description: Corrections to MCQ 5
# image: /images/apcsp.png
categories: []
type: ap
week: 29
---


## Question 1
> Correct answer : B
> The code segment assigns the initial value of first to temp, then assigns the initial value of second to first. The initial value of first, which has been stored in temp , is the assigned to second.

## Question 14
> Correct answer : C
> The programs each display ten values, but each value displayed by program B is one greater than the corresponding value from program A

## Question 41
> Correct answer : B
> This expression uses the MAX procedure to replace the midterm score with the higher of the two scores. The selected value is then added to the final exam score and assigned to adjustedTotal.

## Question 48
> Correct answer: D
> This option causes the experiment to be successful wen random produces a result from 1 to 75, or 75% of the time.

## Question 54
>  Correct answer: D
> The procedures square and cube are each used to determined a power of N. A generalization of this procedure is power (n,m)

## Question 55
> Correct answer: D
> The expression always evaluates to false because it is not possible for the variable response to be equal to both y and yes.

## Question 61
> Correct answer : B
> It is possible to determine the average number of days students are absent. Both data formats provide the number of absences for each student.

## Question 63
> Correct answer : B
> If count is set to 0 repeatedly inside the loop, it will not provide an accurate count of the number of prime numbers in the list.

## Question 64
> Correct answer: B
> Cloud computing sits must consider security concerns in order to protect their users private data.

## Question 65
> Correct answer: B
> If Y is negative, then the condition count = y will never be met since count begins at 0 and repeatedly increases.